Replace DC2TYPE:array field types with JSON (#16008)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-1.13.md

1. The `sylius_admin_ajax_taxon_move` route has been deprecated. If you're relaying on it, consider migrating to new
   `sylius_admin_ajax_taxon_move_up` and `sylius_admin_ajax_taxon_move_down` routes.

1. The migration changing the type of the `DC2TYPE:array` to `JSON` has been added to the following fields in tables:
    - `data` => `sylius_address_log_entries`
    - `roles` => `sylius_admin_user`
    - `configuration` => `sylius_catalog_promotion_action`
    - `configuration` => `sylius_catalog_promotion_scope`
    - `configuration` => `sylius_product_attribute`
    - `configuration` => `sylius_promotion_action`
    - `configuration` => `sylius_promotion_rule`
    - `configuration` => `sylius_shipping_method`
    - `configuration` => `sylius_shipping_method_rule`
    - `roles` => `sylius_shop_user`

   If you don't want this change and prefer skipping this migration you can do it by executing the following commands:
    ```bash

>       bin/console doctrine:migrations:version --add Sylius\\Bundle\\CoreBundle\\Migrations\\Version20240315112656

Reviewer: Would be cool to indicate, that migrations are identical, but one for mysql and another for postgres, took me a moment to figure it out.

1. Check if the `countryCode` is set has been removed from the `Sylius\Component\Addressing\ModelAddress::setProvinceCode` 
   method. The adequate check is ensured by validation.

1. The migration changing the type of the `DC2TYPE:array` to `JSON` has been added to the following fields in tables:
    - `data` => `sylius_address_log_entries`
    - `roles` => `sylius_admin_user`
    - `configuration` => `sylius_catalog_promotion_action`
    - `configuration` => `sylius_catalog_promotion_scope`
    - `configuration` => `sylius_product_attribute`
    - `configuration` => `sylius_promotion_action`
    - `configuration` => `sylius_promotion_rule`
    - `configuration` => `sylius_shipping_method`
    - `configuration` => `sylius_shipping_method_rule`
    - `roles` => `sylius_shop_user`

>    If you don't want this change and prefer skipping this migration you can do it by executing the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If you prefer skipping this migration and applying the changes yourself you can do it by executing the following commands:
```
Guessing outright skipping the migration and doing nothing will blow up since the metadata and database will be out of sync.
